docs: add section for why ngrx (#1852) (#1882)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/marketing/docs.md

NgRx is a framework for building reactive applications in Angular. NgRx provides state management, isolation of side effects, entity collection management, router bindings, code generation, and developer tools that enhance developers experience when building many different types of applications.

## Why NgRx?

NgRx is built for creating maintainable explicit applications, by storing single state and the use of actions in order to express state changes.

### Serializability

> By normalizing state changes and pass them through observables NgRx provides serializability and ensure state is predictably stored. This enables to save states to the `localStorage` or any other external storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By normalizing state changes and pass them through observables, NgRx provides serializability and ensures state is predictably stored. This enables save the state to an external storage, for example `localStorage`.
```

In addition, it also allows to inspect, download, upload, and dispatch actions, all from the [Store Devtools](guide/store-devtools).

### Type Safety

> Type-safety is promoted throughout the architecture with reliance on TypeScript's compiler for program correctness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type safety is promoted throughout the architecture with reliance on the TypeScript compiler for program correctness.
```

### Encapsulation

> Using Ngrx [Effects](guide/effects) and [Store](guide/store), any interaction with external resources side effects, like network requests, web socket and any business logic can be isolated from the UI. This isolation allows for more pure and simple components, and keep the single responsibility principle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using NgRx [Effects](guide/effects) and [Store](guide/store), any interaction with external resources side effects, like network requests, web socket and any business logic can be isolated from the UI. This isolation allows for more pure and simple components, and keep the single responsibility principle.
```

### Testable

Since NgRx is mostly based on pure functions like `selectors` and `reducers`, plus the ability to isolate side effects from the UI, testing becomes very straightforward.

> NgRx also provides tests setup like `provideMockStore` and `provideMockActions` for better test experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NgRx also provides tests setup like `provideMockStore` and `provideMockActions` for isolated tests, and a better test experience.
```

### Performance

> NgRx is built on a single immutable data state, making change detection turn into a very easy task, which means `OnPush` strategy becomes available.

Reviewer: What about referring to the Angular `OnPush` docs here?

Author: I can remove it, but I thought it could be a good reference for newcomers to explore

Author: Done :)

> NgRx is also powered by memoized selector functions which optimize any state queries computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NgRx is also powered by memoized selector functions which optimize state query computations.
```

## When Should I use NgRx

> In particular, you might use NgRx when you build an application with a lot of users interactions and many data sources, or in other words when approaches like managing state in services are no longer sufficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular, you might use NgRx when you build an application with a lot of user interactions and multiple data sources, when managing state in services are no longer sufficient.
```

> A good substance that might answer the question "Do I need NgRx" is *SHARI* principles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A good substance that might answer the question "Do I need NgRx", is the *SHARI* principle:
```

* Shared - State that need to be shared between modules

> * Hydrated - State that is hydrated and rehydrate from storage or server

Reviewer 2: IMHO, explain the meaning of 'Hydration' by using hydration and rehydration is not that explaining.
I'd suggest to re-phrase it using words like 'synchronize with storage mechanism' or alike.

* Available -  State that needs to be available when re-entering routes

* Retrieved -  State that needs to be retrieved with side effects

* Impacted -  State that is impacted from other data sources

> However, realizing that using NgRx comes with some tradeoffs is also crucial. It is not meant to be the shortest or quickest way to write code and encourage it's users the usage of many files.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the `It is not meant to be the shortest or quickest way to write code and encourage it's users the usage of many files.` line.

Author: So I actually got to talk to Rob yesterday 😃 , he really liked the idea of writing about the difficulties of NgRx and IMHO It's important to address that NgRx requires the usage of many files.

> It is also often require a steep learning curve, including some good understanding of `RxJs` and `Redux`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe changing 'RxJs' to ['RxJs library'](https://rxjs.dev/) and 'Redux' to ['Redux core concepts'](https://redux.js.org/introduction/core-concepts) will be a bit clearer?

NgRx is a framework for building reactive applications in Angular. NgRx provides state management, isolation of side effects, entity collection management, router bindings, code generation, and developer tools that enhance developers experience when building many different types of applications.

> ## Why NgRx?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Why NgRx for State Management?
```

> NgRx is built for creating maintainable explicit applications, by storing single state and the use of actions in order to express state changes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NgRx provides state management for creating maintainable explicit applications, by storing single state and the use of actions in order to express state changes.
```

### Serializability

> By normalizing state changes and pass them through observables, NgRx provides serializability and ensures state is predictably stored. This enables save the state to an external storage, for example `localStorage`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By normalizing state changes and pass them through observables, NgRx provides serializability and ensures state is predictably stored. This enables to save the state to an external storage, for example, `localStorage`.
```

In addition, it also allows to inspect, download, upload, and dispatch actions, all from the [Store Devtools](guide/store-devtools).

### Type Safety
Type safety is promoted throughout the architecture with reliance on the TypeScript compiler for program correctness.

### Encapsulation

Using NgRx [Effects](guide/effects) and [Store](guide/store), any interaction with external resources side effects, like network requests, web socket and any business logic can be isolated from the UI. This isolation allows for more pure and simple components, and keep the single responsibility principle.

### Testable

> Since NgRx is mostly based on pure functions like `selectors` and `reducers`, plus the ability to isolate side effects from the UI, testing becomes very straightforward.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Because [Store](guide/store) uses pure functions for changing state and selecting data from state, and the ability to isolate side effects from the UI, testing becomes very straightforward.
```

NgRx also provides tests setup like `provideMockStore` and `provideMockActions` for isolated tests, and a better test experience.

### Performance

> NgRx is built on a single immutable data state, making change detection turn into a very easy task, which means [`OnPush`](https://angular.io/api/core/ChangeDetectionStrategy#OnPush) strategy becomes available.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Store](guide/store) is built on a single immutable data state, making change detection turn into a very easy task using an [`OnPush`](https://angular.io/api/core/ChangeDetectionStrategy#OnPush) strategy.
```

> NgRx is also powered by memoized selector functions which optimize state query computations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Store](guide/store) is also powered by memoized selector functions which optimize state query computations.
```

> ## When Should I use NgRx

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## When Should I use NgRx for State Management
```

> In particular, you might use NgRx when you build an application with a lot of user interactions and multiple data sources, when managing state in services are no longer sufficient.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In particular, you might use NgRx for state management when you build an application with a lot of user interactions, multiple data sources that need to be shared across your application, and when managing state in services are no longer sufficient.
```

A good substance that might answer the question "Do I need NgRx", is the 
<a href="https://youtu.be/omnwu_etHTY" target="_blank"><b>SHARI</b></a> principle:

> * <b>S</b>hared - State that need to be shared between modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <b>S</b>hared - State that needs to be shared between modules
```

Reviewer: What about using the definition from the slides?

```suggestion
* <b>S</b>hared state is accessed by many components and services
```

Author: good idea :)

> * **S**hared state is accessed by many components and services

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **S**hared: state that is accessed by many components and services
```

> * **H**ydrated  state that is persisted and and hydrated from storage

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **H**ydrated: state that is persisted and and rehydrated from external storage.
```

Reviewer 2: IMHO, explain 'Hydrated' by using 're-hydrated' may cause endless recursion in some twisted dev brains.
Persisted and re-created (re-filled) might be a bit more human-friendly.

Also, there is a double 'and' typo.

> * <b>H</b>ydrated - State that is save and upload from storage or server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <b>H</b>ydrated state that is persisted and and hydrated from storage
```

> * **A**vailable state that needs to be available when re-entering routes

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **A**vailable: state that needs to be available when re-entering routes.
```

> * <b>A</b>vailable -  State that needs to be available when re-entering routes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <b>A</b>vailable state that needs to be available when re-entering routes
```

> * **R**etrieved state that needs to be available when re-entering routes

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **R**etrieved: state that must be retrieved with a side-effect.
```

> * <b>R</b>etrieved -  State that needs to be retrieved with side effects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <b>R</b>etrieved state that needs to be retrieved with a side effect
```

> * **I**mpacted state that is impacted by actions from other sources

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **I**mpacted: state that is impacted by actions from other sources.
```

> * <b>I</b>mpacted -  State that is impacted from other data sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <b>I</b>mpacted state that is impacted by actions from other sources
```

> However, realizing that using NgRx comes with some tradeoffs is also crucial. It is not meant to be the shortest or quickest way to write code and encourage its users the usage of many files.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
However, realizing that using NgRx comes with some tradeoffs is also crucial. It is not meant to be the shortest or quickest way to write code, and encourages you to be more explicit about how you express events in your application.
```

> However, realizing that using NgRx comes with some tradeoffs is also crucial. It is not meant to be the shortest or quickest way to write code and encourage it's users the usage of many files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, realizing that using NgRx comes with some tradeoffs is also crucial. It is not meant to be the shortest or quickest way to write code and encourage its users the usage of many files.
```

> It is also often require a steep learning curve, including some good understanding of [`RxJs`](https://rxjs-dev.firebaseapp.com/) and [`Redux`](https://redux.js.org/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There is a steep learning curve, with some new concepts to build on. A good understanding of [`RxJS`](https://rxjs.dev) and [`Redux`](https://redux.js.org/) is also recommended.
```

NgRx is a framework for building reactive applications in Angular. NgRx provides state management, isolation of side effects, entity collection management, router bindings, code generation, and developer tools that enhance developers experience when building many different types of applications.

## Why NgRx?

NgRx is built for creating maintainable explicit applications, by encouraging the use of actions in order to express state changes.

If you're building an application that has a lot of user interaction, many different event sources that's where NgRx is going to really shine in your application.

### Serializability

By normalizing state changes and pass them through observables NgRx provides serializability and good control of the application. This enables to save and serialize states to the `localStorage` or any other external storage.

> In addition, it also allows to inspect, download, upload, and dispatch actions, as well as time, travel all from the [Store Devtools](guide/store-devtools).

Reviewer 4: time travel is an oversold item that brings questionable value. Let's not make is a point in "Why NgRx" 🙊
```suggestion
In addition, it also allows to inspect, download, upload, and dispatch actions, all from the [Store Devtools](guide/store-devtools).
```

Author: I like it very much but I see your point 😆 😆

### Type Safety

NgRx completely has written in TypeScript.

> In NgRx, `reducers`, `selectors`, and `actions` are written in a specific way to embrace and get as much type safety out of the TypeScript compiler as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In NgRx, `reducers`, `selectors`, and `actions` are written in a specific way  get as much of type safety out of the TypeScript compiler as possible.
```

### Encapsulation

Using Ngrx [Effects](guide/effects) and [Store](guide/store),  any interaction with external resources side effects, like network requests, web socket and any business logic can be isolated from the UI. This isolation allows for more pure and simple components, and keep the single responsibility principle.

### Testable

> Since NgRx is mostly based on pure factions like selectors and reducers, plus the ability to isolate side effects from the UI, testing becomes very straightforward.

Reviewer 4: Did you mean `functions`?

```suggestion
Since NgRx is mostly based on pure functions like selectors and reducers, plus the ability to isolate side effects from the UI, testing becomes very straightforward.
```

> NgRx also provide tests setup like `provideMockStore` and `provideMockActions` for better test experience.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
NgRx also provides tests setup like `provideMockStore` and `provideMockActions` for better test experience.
```

### Performance

> NgRx is built on immutable data structures, which makes change detection turn into a very easy task, which means `OnPush` strategy becomes available.

Reviewer 4: `which` is used twice in a row
```suggestion
NgRx is built on immutable data structures, making change detection turn into a very easy task, which means `OnPush` strategy becomes available.
```

> NgRx also powered by memoized selector functions which optimize any state queries computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NgRx is also powered by memoized selector functions which optimize any state queries computation.
```

### Sharing Data Between Modules

> In NgRx the state tree is the single source of truth of the application. Once data is stored, it becomes available within every module in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In NgRx, the state tree is the single source of truth of the application. Once data is stored, it becomes available within every module in the application.
```
